feat: add app_context_changed event type (#2633)
slackapi/node-slack-sdk: .changeset/late-clouds-grow.md

---
"@slack/types": minor
---

> feat: add the `app_context_changed` event type for the agent DM experience

Author: ```suggestion
feat: add the `app_context_changed` event type for agent [active view context](https://docs.slack.dev/ai/agent-context-management/#active-view-context)
```

📚 suggestion: For changelog!
